Remove Signal deprecation (#3017)
hyperspy/hyperspy: CHANGES.rst

       - navigation
     * - variables
       - signal

> - For lazy signal, a possible value of ``algorithm`` keyword argument of the
>   :py:meth:`~._signals.lazy.decomposition` method has been removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For lazy signal, a possible value of the ``algorithm`` keyword argument of the
  :py:meth:`~._signals.lazy.decomposition` method has been changed
```

> - For lazy signal, a possible value of ``algorithm`` keyword argument of the
>   :py:meth:`~._signals.lazy.decomposition` method has been removed
>   from ``"ONMF"`` to ``"ORNMF"``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For lazy signals, a possible value of the ``algorithm`` keyword argument of the
  :py:meth:`~._signals.lazy.decomposition` method has been changed
  from ``"ONMF"`` to ``"ORNMF"``.
```
